there are readers
my name is paulo grande and if it is
best buy a weekly space where the
People clarify doubts of who wants
change cars
today I will answer two readers
once because the two asked the
same car closed 2008
the first question of luiz otávio lobo
he wants to know about the car exchange
with automatic gearbox and I confess to
You, too, had curiosity in
relation to this exchange because it
have only four gears is
installed in the engine aspirated 1.6 being
that pj also has 1.6 turbo which is more
powerful that day to day I did not notice anything
wrong in this exchange is the engine of the
worked within the expected
in a spin did not know too much between a
brand and another or feel holes before
of the troops from day to day it goes very well
on the test track the performance was
median thus within the expected but
one should not take responsibility for the
the performance of the car that
there is a motor existed there are other
factors that teach performance
remembering that his consumption was very
good
another reader daniel sanches he wants
to know if it's worth buying a 2008
and I respond that depends on the expectation
that he has
if he wants his own off-road car
land is perhaps not worth it because it is a
urban car by design is now a
car to use on a daily basis as the
most people do like zezinho
Sometimes with facts, it 's easy, it 's a car.
to direct the position of jean and
good visibility
the small fast steering wheel it is well
finished well equipped with the stitch
negative, maybe we can quote the
inner space that is not even tight
and that performance is also not
sweeping
but both pro daniel and paulo luiz
Otavio
I recommend the test drive as always
I make our readers here
why the best way to assess
Do you like it or not on the boardwalk?
to behave
if the pregnant woman has the experience you
have any further questions any comments
please leave our address, thank you